>> Steve Kinney: The one
that came out four or
five days ago is this new
concept called subagents.
And there have been a lot of what we could
maybe call frameworks around Claude and
Cursor.
Where it's definitely a somewhat
hacky system of commands and
hooks in an MCP server to try to create
these different roles and personas.
And it's super kinda wild to watch.
Some of them have an idea of
there's a product owner and
there's a Scrum master and
then there is a head engineer and
then there is the engineering manager.
And you give them these commands, you
kinda give it enough context to have it
believe it's one of those things and
then only use these certain tools.
So hot take is Rylan and
I played around with them.
We're like,
this doesn't make us feel any more
productive than just using these tools.
But there are some people who won't stop,
they're on YouTube,
they're really into talking about them.
Maybe they're having
better results than I am.
They must be because Claude added it
as a feature to the actual thing, so
now I don't have to learn
any of these systems.
But subagents do something that
none of these other systems do.
Which is basically you
have your main agent,
that's the one where you fire up Claude,
Claude-continue, whatever.
You fire up Claude, that's your
main agent, and your main agent has
a context window, right,
talked about that once or twice today.
The cool thing is subagents have
their own context window, right?
Which means they don't share the main
context window, which means you can
splinter off your context windows
without polluting the main one.
And each one has their own mini-context
window that it does stuff with,
which means you can avoid compaction and
all those other things.
And it can do stuff with its own persona
and then do its thing, get the result,
and just respond back with
the result back to the main agent.
So it gives you a way to shard and
preserve.
You're still paying the token cost for
uses limit, in fact,
you'll probably run it up faster
because you're parallelizing it.
But in terms of you losing packets of
information, you are preserving it.
So yeah, it gets its own system prompt.
This is one of the things I don't
understand how this works at all,
telling an AI that it is a frontend
architect, it gets it to better decisions.
Yes, and I don't really know why,
I've read the stuff,
I went real deep, and yet
I'm still like, I don't know.
But it gets its own system prompt, it
can be convinced that it looks at things
from a certain angle,
somehow, wildly, it works.
But more importantly, the ability to have
sharded context windows and then being
able to pull them back without overloading
the main context window is really,
to me, what makes it wild.
And so you can access this at
any time by doing /agents.
And you can go ahead and it'll say, hey,
would you like to see
what agents you have?
And you can do it at a user level and
you can do it at a project level.
This is the only one where I
do have one at a user level,
which is called copyeditor, which is,
fix my typos, [LAUGH] with enough knowing
about what is a TypeScript word and not
actually a typo, but please fix my typos.
That one I have as a user level, cuz thank
you, to all of you who have opened pull
requests up onto my course materials,
finding all my typos.
I aspire to not make you
have to do that anymore.
So that one I have at a user level cuz I
make typos across all my projects, and
that one I felt comfortable
knowing that I make typos.
So /agents will pull it up,
we'll see that in a second.
As somebody who used to
be a frontend-architect,
making a subagent who I've convinced
is a previous version of myself
is a very surreal experience,
and why it works is weird to me.
But look, a typo and test-strategist.
Unfortunately, this does
not work on keynote slides.
But you can kind of create, and I'll show
you how you make one of these in a second,
but you can create these subagents with
all of this, hey, your job is to do this.
These are things you care about,
look at it, and
it'll be loaded up with
that system prompt.
And you can say,
you only have access to these tools,
you only have access to these tools.
You can load in, theoretically,
all those at-commands work.
So you could basically have with different
references to different files, and
again, everything that they get does not
go into the main agent's context window.
So you can say for a moment you
have all this stuff in context,
do your thing and
give a report back to the main agent.
And then so that main agent does not have
its context window all polluted, it does
the thing, it comes back with its thoughts
and opinions, very tidy, neat package.
Sure, it's costing you a lot of tokens
because you're doing now four different
things and reporting back, but
you're not polluting the context window.
So frontend-architecture that's like
that one in back, You see this a lot in
the frameworks I was reading and
it seems to work, I don't believe it.
The one that I use the most is.
I think I said there's all those commands
and prompts and rules that we saw earlier,
you are a senior TypeScript engineer.
I've never gotten better results from
convincing an AI that it's just supposed
to be better at it than it is, you are a
junior engineer, ask all of the questions.
Anything that is unclear, point it out and
bring back all of your concerns around
this project, worth its weight in gold.
And so it just comes back with everything,
it's like, what do you mean by that?
And a lot of times I'll have that right to
a list of questions that I will then have
to go and answer.